is it
trapped
no the creeper is not in the
Trap
no hello and welcome back to learn
English with Minecraft my name is Kenzo
and this is English from the ground up
and in this video I'm going to try to
collect some music discs
so music discs are dropped by creepers
but only when the creepers have been
killed by a
skeleton thank you to this user for
telling me this in a comment so that
means in order for me to collect music
discs I'll need to build a trap that
catches creepers and skeletons so I'm
going to need p
pons I'm going to need pressure
plates uh here are some
Pistons seven Pistons I'll need one more
piston one iron one Redstone okay there
we go now we have eight Pistons I'll
need some pressure
plates okay there's one and two I'll
also take some cherry
slabs okay let's go build the trap
spider die spider
die okay let's go down there I'll Place
some torches torch torch and I'll clear
off ah die spider die
die okay now I'll clear away some of
these flowers and some of this
grass I'll take my netherite shovel and
do a little bit of digging right here
I'll dig this block this
block this block and this
block there we go let's take the Pistons
now and I'll replace those dirt blocks
with pistons one 2 3
awesome now I'll take the dirt
blocks and the
slabs and I'll place two dirt blocks
here in the middle one two and now on
top of these dirt blocks I'll Place one
slab there we
go and finally I'll place a pressure
plate here in the middle let's take a
pressure plate play
it and place it in the middle all right
watch so when I walk onto the pressure
plate the Pistons will raise and I'll be
trapped here we
go I'm trapped I'm
trapped okay it's working I could trap a
skeleton here but I'll need to build
another one of these traps for the
creeper I need one for the skeleton and
one for the creeper so I'll build this
same trap right over here one two three
four now four Pistons one two three four
Pistons one two dirt blocks two dirt
blocks and on top of the dirt I'll place
a slab ah or two slabs
there we go and finally I'll place a
pressure plate in the
middle awesome it's complete well the
sun is coming up and it's the daytime
right now but tonight I'm going to try
using this trap to collect some music
discs let's fast forward to the
night okay the Sun is is going
down it's night
time pretty soon monsters will be
spawning here I'm going to search for a
skeleton or a creeper
skeleton Oh I thought that was a
skeleton but no it's a sheep oh here's a
creeper uh-oh two Creepers
no come on
creeper I think it worked come on
creeper into the
water die okay the Trap
worked so I have a
creeper oh
no it didn't work that creeper isn't
inside the Trap oh uh-oh uh-oh
uh-oh now it is so now I've have trapped
a
creeper so I need to find a skeleton for
this side not a zombie die
zombie there's a
skeleton follow me come on come on
skeleton
run come on skeleton skeleton
uhoh no no
no I need to eat some
fish okay now I'll
rebuild this
trap
Pistons dirt slab and pressure plate oh
there's a
skeleton oo okay the skeleton is
following me oh
and it's shooting at
me uhoh the sun's coming
up oh
oh oh oh oh come on oh it's so close
skeleton go in the Trap go in the Trap
go in the Trap go in the Trap no it's
burning in the trap in the trap in the
Trap go in the trap in the C it worked
oh but it's burning no no no no no
shade I was trying to create shade for
the skeleton so it would stop
burning in the
sunlight but I
couldn't
well that night was a failure
look at me I'm covered in
arrows look at this this lava generator
that I built in the last episode is
working
great all of the cauldrons are filled
with lava well I guess I'll wait until
nighttime all right it's
nighttime oh I can see a skeleton and a
creeper over there let's go try to trap
them okay come on creeper no not you
spider no spider go away
spider die
spider oh oh oh oh yes yes it worked it
worked
okay I trapped the creeper now I need to
trap a skeleton
let's go find a skeleton there's a
skeleton come on
skeleton come
on follow
me
what oh no oh
no the zombie went in my trap no zombie
die zombie die
it worked the skeleton's in the
Trap okay now I'll stand right here and
the skeleton will shoot the
creeper I just need to wait it's
working and we've got a music
disc
cat stop
skeleton okay let's find another creeper
okay whoa lots of
creepers oh come on come on
uh-oh is it
trapped
no the creeper is not in the
Trap
uh-oh no
stop
skeleton time to repair this trap and
I'll use Cobblestone to fill in these
holes and I'll take my pressure plate
and put it in the middle
okay go away zombies
die I'm going to place some Cobblestone
Cobblestone and
Cobblestone so that that skeleton can't
shoot me when I'm trying to trap the
creeper uh-oh the sun's coming up let's
quickly find a creeper oh there's a
creeper come on
creeper in the trap in the trap in the
Trap it worked it worked let's break
this dirt all right skeleton shoot the
creeper it's
working okay now we
wait come
on a music disc
whoa this music disc looks like it's
broken I wonder if this skeleton will
stay trapped in
here or if he'll disappear okay I'm
going back to my chest room because my
inventory is full I'm going to put all
of the music discs that I find in this
chest one two I think I have more in
some other
chests yeah he more music discs and
another one these two are the same and
these two are the same
so I only have four different music
discs 1 2 3 4 all right it's night time
again let's try to trap some more
creepers the skeleton
disappeared oh
well go away
sheep go away go away there's a
skeleton come on skelet
oh oh oh oh so
close yes die
spider die spider
okay block why can't I place a block
there I can't place a
block I need to eat some fish
okay whatever I've trapped a skeleton
now it's time to look for a
creeper not a
zombie oh no a drowned got trapped in my
trap die
die so many zombies oh there's a creeper
finally okay come on creeper come on
come
on okay come over here to the
Trap yes
yes now I'll break these blocks and I'll
stand behind the
creeper and I'll
wait ooh uh-oh
die die drowned go
away okay another music
disc um cat I think I've already found
this one come on
Creeper Creeper come
on come on did it work
[Music]
okay I think that creeper is
trapped I think I'll break this
cobblestone
and I'll stand behind the creeper and
wait
hey
okay it worked a music
disc
ooh this music disc is
purple I think this is a new music
disc time for you to die skeleton die
die
all
right this trap works well I'm going to
go back to my chest room and put away my
new music discs open close all right so
now I have five different music discs 1
2 3 4 five and the final thing that I
want to do is build a jukebox so I can
listen to the music
discs so in order to build a jukebox
I'll need one
Diamond one diamond and I'll also need
some wood ah here's some
wood okay I'll put wood around the
outside there we go around the outside
and in the middle I'll Place one diamond
and that makes a
jukebox jukeboxes play the music discs
I'll place the Jukebox right here and
let's go grab a music disc let's pick up
this green music disc
cat all right and let's put the music
disc in the
Jukebox now the music is playing
[Music]